Grandpa
I still think of you
Look at brother
You choose
I gave it to you voluntarily last night.
Let's pretend nothing happened
I'll go home first
Sorry.
I'm too impulsive, I'll be responsible for you.
Reply to Geng Geng's name
My parents are like that
I'll tell him.
The engagement party was held as scheduled
Brother Gao, you are so kind
Oops I won't kill you
Madam, you look much better today.
I feel better these two days.
Excuse me, ma'am. You are welcome
Your body is missing and you can have surgery tomorrow.
Grandma, you will recover soon.
Yeah, so I can.
I have been with my grandfather for several years
Hahaha, how many years are enough?
Grandma, you will accompany Grandpa for another 100 years
100 years, hahaha
That grandma
Please don't become an old monster
Hahaha
That grandma is also the most beautiful old monster
Grandma is the most beautiful old monster
Is it beautiful, hahahaha, okay?
Grandma listen to you
Grandma, slaves are
Hahaha grandma
When you get better
I'll take you out to play
We went to all the places we wanted to go
Ok?
Oh, right, Yanyan.
I heard you also have a fiancé named
Is Sun Yechen good to you?
When will you take him to pick me up?
Don't worry, grandma.
He is nice to me.
I'll bring him in tomorrow to accompany you for surgery
Don't worry.
It will definitely be no problem with the second brother here.
Hahaha, grandma, rest quickly.
Okay, then you should go back quickly too?
You have a good rest